{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Carrier Infinity Network V3 Driver 
\f1\i \cf2 \

\f0\i0\fs20 \cf0 carrier_infinity_network.c4z
\fs17 \
\
The Carrier Infinity Thermostat Driver works in conjunction with the Carrier Infinity Network Driver. Control4 recommends installing the Network Driver prior to any Thermostat drivers.\
\

\f2\b\fs20 Important!\

\f0\b0\fs17 This version of the Carrier Infinity Thermostat Driver is designated as V3. Because this driver relies upon the Carrier Network driver for functionality \'96 both the thermostat and network drivers must be added to the project using the same version. Control4 recommends that the V3 version of both drivers be used in OS 2.7.0 and later. 
\f2\b \

\f0\b0 \
The Carrier Infinity SAM drivers allow the Control4 system to work in conjunction with a Carrier Infinity HVAC system.  In order to communicate with the Carrier Infinity system, you must install a System Access Module (SAM).  While the SAM provides both serial and IP interfaces, only the serial interface provides access to the control protocol. The IP interface is limited to a Web browser.  Control4's driver utilizes the serial port.\
\

\f2\b\fs20 Support\

\f0\b0\fs17 Control4 is not able to advise you or support you when configuring Carrier Infinity HVAC systems or SAM interfaces.  We will, by necessity, limit our support to the proper configuration of these drivers within the Control4 system.\
\

\f2\b\fs20 Pre-Existing Installation Note\

\f0\b0\fs17 If you have prior versions of the Carrier Infinity Network driver installed in your project it will be necessary to remove those drivers from your system before continuing with the new installation of the 
\fs16 Carrier Infinity Network V2 Driver.
\fs17 \

\f2\b\fs20 \
Installation\

\f0\b0\fs17 The Control4 system on which you are installing these drivers must be running Release 2.7.0 or later. Prior to installing the Carrier Infinity SAM drivers, verify that your system is functioning correctly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Add the Carrier Infinity Network V2 driver to your project. The driver is available Online through the System Design
\fs24  
\fs20 -->
\fs17 Search. Entering \'93Carrier\'94 in the search field will return a list of Carrier drivers. Add the Carrier Infinity Network V2
\f1\i \cf2  
\f0\i0 \cf0 driver
\f1\i \cf2  
\f0\i0 \cf0 to your project.\
2.	Next, under Connections, bind the Serial Port on the project\'92s controller to the Carrier Infinity Network Driver: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Architectural Scope\

\f0\b0\fs17 The Carrier Infinity Network driver must be added for each SAM module on the system. Each SAM is able to control two (2) systems. Each SAM module can interface with up to two (2) Carrier Systems, and each system can have up to eight (8) zones (Thermostats) for a total of 16 zones. A Carrier Infinity Thermostat driver must be added for each Thermostat on the system.\

\f2\b\fs20 \
Configuration\

\fs17 Properties\

\f0\b0\fs16 Properties for this driver include a Polling Timer that polls the SAM module for any HVAC changes that have occurred. This information is then updated in Director and ultimately displayed on the UIs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Actions\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Actions found in this driver include:\
Template Version \'96 The Template Version button will display all of the Thermostat Driver Template file versions that were used to create this driver. This information is displayed in the Lua window and may be useful for troubleshooting.\
\
Get Current Settings \'96 The Get Current Settings button will query the Carrier System for the latest HVAC status and force an update of those system settings. The settings will be displayed on all UIs and in Composer.\
\
Display Carrier Devices - The Display Carrier Devices button will list all of the Thermostats as well as the System the Thermostat resides in as well as its assigned zone. This information is displayed in the Lua window. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
}